Allow to bail off the nested name build in the custom CSS properties style name generator (#5586)
plone/volto: docs/source/blocks/block-style-wrapper.md

The styles in the block edit component are injected automatically into the blocks engine editor wrappers, so you don't have to take any action.
```

## Nested custom CSS properties

> Given this block enhancer:

Reviewer: Let's add an introduction to give purpose and context for why someone would want or not want to do this.

```suggestion
This section describes how to work with nested custom CSS properties.
You can inject custom CSS properties in a nested manner.
You can also avoid some nesting, where useful.

(inject-nested-custom-css-properties)=

### Inject nested custom CSS properties

Given this block enhancer:
```

```js
  schema.properties.styles.schema.fieldsets[0].fields = [
    ...schema.properties.styles.schema.fieldsets[0].fields,
    'theme',
  ];

  schema.properties.styles.schema.properties['theme'] = {
    widget: 'color_picker',

>     title: "Theme",

Reviewer: Make quotation marks consistent.

```suggestion
    title: 'Theme',
```

    colors,
    default: defaultBGColor,
  };
```

> It will generate this values for the StyleWrapper to use:

Reviewer: Is there a better term than "values" for the thingie below?

If not, this fixes the grammar.

```suggestion
It will generate these values for the `StyleWrapper` to use:
```

Author: I didn't find ones better :(

```js
{
  "styles": {
    "theme": {
      "--background-color": "#222",
      "--font-color": "white"
    }
  }
}
```

> The resultant injected custom CSS properties will have prefixed the name of the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resultant injected custom CSS properties will be prefixed with two dashes plus the name of the key, `--theme` in this example.
```

```html
<div class="block teaser" style="--theme--background-color: #222, --theme--font-color: white">
 ...
</div>
```

> There are use cases that you want this not to happen since you want to use exactly the names defined in your custom CSS properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Avoid injecting nested custom CSS properties

Sometimes you might not want to build the custom CSS property name with a prefix in a nested structure, as described in {ref}`inject-nested-custom-css-properties`, because you want to use the exact names defined in your custom CSS properties.
```

> If you want the StyleWrapper not to build the injected name using the key as prefix, you can bail off the feature by appending the suffix `:noprefix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid building a prefix, you can append the suffix `:noprefix` in your block enhancer.
```

```js
  schema.properties.styles.schema.fieldsets[0].fields = [
    ...schema.properties.styles.schema.fieldsets[0].fields,
    'theme:noprefix',
  ];

  schema.properties.styles.schema.properties['theme:noprefix'] = {
    widget: 'color_picker',
    title: "Theme",
    colors,
    default: defaultBGColor,
  };
```

> It will generate this values for the StyleWrapper to use:

Reviewer: Same as previous section.

```suggestion
It will generate these values for the `StyleWrapper` to use:
```

```js
{
  "styles": {
    "theme:noprefix": {
      "--background-color": "#222",
      "--font-color": "white"
    }
  }
}
```

> Then the resultant injection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will yield the resultant markup without a prefix.
```
